STILLHERE — R-P1.2 CLEANUP + INDEPENDENT READ-ONLY AUDIT

COUNCIL AUTHORIZATION

The Council has reached full consensus on the R-P1.2 gate.

You are authorized to perform exactly two stages:

Stage 1 — one-file cleanup

Stage 2 — independent read-only audit

You are NOT authorized to deploy, republish, change database state, change secrets, call providers, send SMS, make voice calls, send push notifications, or make any additional implementation changes.

CURRENT VERIFIED REPLIT STATE

Workspace:

/home/runner/workspace

Branch:

build/release-candidate

Current expected HEAD:

176609a0038cd1b78d3abc6df81244b7e46bee25

Current transplant commit message:

"Update api server routes logic"

Council has accepted that platform-generated message as valid provenance.

Canonical authoritative P1 commit:

f1beaf475d247cbed963d297be29b9b77b7135ac

Canonical production file:

server/routes.ts

Replit production equivalent:

artifacts/api-server/server/routes.ts

The previous implementation report states that this Replit file is byte-identical to canonical f1beaf4.

STAGE 1 — SURGICAL CLEANUP

One and only one non-code file is authorized for deletion:

the stray pasted R-P1.2 brief under:

attached_assets/Pasted-PHASE-R-P1-2-…txt

First identify the exact full path matching that pasted R-P1.2 brief.

Confirm it is the same inert scratchpad described in the prior report.

Delete only that exact file.

Do not delete any other file.

If Replit automatically creates a checkpoint/commit for the deletion, accept it as-is.

Do not:

amend;
reset;
rebase;
squash;
cherry-pick;
pull;
merge;
push;
use Replit Git Sync;
alter commit history.

After deletion/checkpoint, report the new HEAD and confirm git status is clean.

STAGE 2 — INDEPENDENT READ-ONLY AUDIT

After Stage 1 is complete, switch to strict read-only audit mode.

You are acting as the independent auditor because Claude Code performed the transplant and cannot self-certify.

Do not modify any source/test/config file during this stage.

AUDIT A — PROVENANCE

Establish and report:

current HEAD;
branch;
clean/dirty status;
parent/previous transplant commit relationship;
tracking/ahead state;
confirmation that no push occurred.

Identify the transplant commit:

176609a0038cd1b78d3abc6df81244b7e46bee25

and the cleanup checkpoint if one was automatically created.

AUDIT B — EXACT FILE SCOPE

Inspect the transplant commit relative to its parent:

expected parent:

68768ca0a10f5e24bed3a3757535d75644d3c37f

Confirm exactly what files changed.

Expected transplant contents:

artifacts/api-server/server/routes.ts
artifacts/api-server/test/wellness-call-certainty.test.ts
the inert pasted brief under attached_assets/

After Stage 1 cleanup, confirm that the pasted brief is no longer present in the current tree.

Confirm there are no other unintended files introduced by the P1 transplant/cleanup sequence.

AUDIT C — PRODUCTION PARITY

Independently compare:

Replit:

artifacts/api-server/server/routes.ts

against canonical:

f1beaf475d247cbed963d297be29b9b77b7135ac:server/routes.ts

Required result:

BYTE-IDENTICAL

Report:

hash of Replit file;
hash of canonical file;
equality result;
line count if useful.

Do not rely only on the prior Claude Code report.

Perform the comparison yourself.

AUDIT D — TEST PARITY

Inspect:

artifacts/api-server/test/wellness-call-certainty.test.ts

against canonical:

f1beaf4:test/wellness-call-certainty.test.ts

Confirm the only intentional difference is the authorized schema import adaptation:

canonical:

../shared/schema

Replit:

../../../lib/stillhere-shared/src/schema

Confirm there are:

no changed assertions;
no changed mocks;
no changed fixture values;
no changed regexes;
no weakened expectations;
no additional test-behavior differences.
AUDIT E — TARGETED CERTAINTY TEST

From:

artifacts/api-server

run the appropriate hermetic command for:

test/wellness-call-certainty.test.ts

Required result:

18 tests / 18 pass / 0 fail

Confirm that the direct typescript import resolves without installing anything.

Do not install dependencies.

AUDIT F — TYPESCRIPT

Run:

npx tsc --noEmit

Required result:

PASS with zero TypeScript errors

AUDIT G — PRESERVATION TESTS

Run at minimum:

task-15.9f-scheduler-flatline.test.ts

and:

guardian-authorization.test.ts

Confirm both still pass.

If the existing safe/hermetic full test suite can be run without outbound/provider/database side effects, run it as well and report the result.

A previously known stale failure may remain in:

wellness-call-intelligence.test.ts

Do not fix it during this audit.

If it is the only failure and matches the previously known expectation mismatch, classify it as pre-existing rather than a P1 regression.

AUDIT H — NO SIDE EFFECTS

Confirm that during cleanup and audit there was:

no deploy/Republish;
no push;
no Git transport;
no DB mutation;
no schema/migration change;
no secret/environment change;
no package/dependency install;
no live Twilio call;
no SMS;
no email;
no push notification;
no external safety-provider traffic.
REQUIRED FINAL VERDICT

Finish with exactly one:

R-P1.2 INDEPENDENT AUDIT PASS — SAFE TO RETURN TO COUNCIL FOR R-P1.3 DEPLOYMENT GATE

or

R-P1.2 INDEPENDENT AUDIT FAIL — DEPLOYMENT REMAINS BLOCKED

If FAIL, identify the exact evidence causing failure.

Then STOP.

Do not deploy.

Do not prepare the database.

Do not start the live handset retest.