TASK BRIEF — StillHere Safety Reliability Phase, Task R-1
(from the StillHere Council, via Claude Code in the auditor role)

STATUS UPDATE FIRST — two things in your earlier assessment have changed.

1. The missing tests are NO LONGER MISSING. Your read-only assessment correctly found no
   backend test directory, no *.test.ts files and no operational scripts. That has since been
   fixed. All 10 council-approved test files are now in artifacts/api-server/test/ and all 11
   scripts are in artifacts/api-server/script/. They were md5-verified against the council's
   approved blobs: 10 matching, 0 failures. Do NOT go looking for them again, and do NOT
   recreate them.

2. The suite currently runs 9 PASS / 1 FAIL, and that is the expected baseline. The single
   failure is test/wellness-call-intelligence.test.ts. It is a stale test, not a code defect,
   and it is awaiting a council decision. DO NOT "fix" it. Leave it red.

HOW TO RUN THE SUITE (this matters — the obvious way fails):

    cd artifacts/api-server && npx tsx test/<name>.test.ts

Running from the workspace root fails with "Cannot find '@shared/schema'", because server/db.ts
needs the tsconfig alias and tsx will not resolve it from the root. Always cd into the artifact
first.

WHAT THE AUDIT FOUND — the real gap

The problem is not that tests are missing. It is that every existing test is a pure-function or
payload-shape test. Not one of them exercises an HTTP route, the database, a worker loop, or a
notification provider.

    192 routes in server/routes.ts.  0 route tests.
    ~1,562 test lines total, of which 1,106 (71%) are the check-in scheduler.
    Guardian authorization: zero coverage.  Location reliability: zero coverage.

So the assignment is not "write more tests." It is "build the missing test LAYER that makes the
safety-critical paths testable at all."

YOUR TASK — R-1. Three deliverables, in this order.

R-1a. Provider mock helpers.
  Create artifacts/api-server/test/helpers/providers.ts.
  Model it on the stubbing pattern already used in test/outbound-policy-phase11.test.ts — read
  that file first, it is the reference implementation and it is hermetic (no Postgres, no
  network). Provide in-memory mocks for sendSms, sendEmail, sendPush and sendVoip, each
  supporting four modes: success, hard-fail, transient-fail, and timeout. Each mock records the
  calls it received so a test can assert ordering and recipients.

R-1b. In-process route harness.
  Create artifacts/api-server/test/helpers/app-harness.ts.
  It mounts the Express app in-process against a stubbed storage layer and drives it with fetch.
  No network, no real database, no real providers. Provide a way to set the authenticated user
  per request so authorization can be tested from both sides of a boundary.

R-1c. First route test — guardian authorization.
  Create artifacts/api-server/test/guardian-authorization.test.ts using the harness.
  Cover, at minimum:
    - A guardian WITH permission can read a watched user's location.
    - A user with NO relationship gets 403.
    - A contact with canViewLocation === false gets 403.
    - Removing a contact immediately revokes access.
    - A user can always read their own location.
  The relevant guard is checkWatcherLocationPermission in server/routes.ts, which delegates to
  getWatcherContact and honours canViewLocation !== false. Test the BEHAVIOUR through the route,
  not the internals.

HARD CONSTRAINTS FOR THIS TASK

  - ADD TEST FILES ONLY. Do not modify anything under server/, lib/, or artifacts/stillhere-web/.
    If a route turns out to be untestable without a production-code change, STOP and report what
    change would be needed and why. Do not make it.
  - Feature 1 (the Check-In Engine) is FROZEN: scheduling, escalation, SMS, wellness calls,
    emergency email, the emergency web page, guardian notifications, the guardian thread, and
    emergency-contact fanout. Tests may observe it. Nothing may modify it.
  - DO NOT DEPLOY OR REPUBLISH. stillhere.health is live and serving real users. This task ships
    no user-visible change and must not touch the deployment.
  - DO NOT trigger any real SMS, voice call, email or push. Everything is mocked. Real outbound
    traffic reaches real guardians' handsets.
  - Do not touch secrets, and do not print any secret value into chat.
  - Do not refactor, rename or tidy adjacent code. Scope is the three files named above.

WHAT TO REPORT BACK

  1. The three files you created.
  2. The actual command you ran and its real output — paste it. Do not write "tests pass" unless
     you ran them and read the result.
  3. Confirmation that the pre-existing suite is still 9 PASS / 1 FAIL and that you changed
     nothing under server/.
  4. Anything you found untestable without a production-code change, described but NOT fixed.

Label anything you did not actually verify as unverified. Overstating a result is worse here than
reporting a failure — this is a safety application.
